hey guys it's Tony here from came
through fuck again just bringing you
another video just in case you missed it
as I completely have the Capcom arcade
cabinet is now available on Xbox Live
and PSN I knew this game was coming out
but I just it was completely off my
radar and I went onto the Xbox to have a
quick go on Mass Effect yesterday and
this was sitting there in the arcade
section so in case you don't know about
it Capcom are releasing a bunch of their
old arcade games through this capcom
arcade cabinet it's a pretty sized e
download is 1.1 2 gig I think but I do
believe subsequent downloads will be a
lot quicker than that they just needed
to get the architecture in there first
and this first pack is available as I
said right now the get it features the
game's black tiger 1943 the Battle of
Midway and Avengers it's out there for
400 Microsoft Points which is well worth
it is absolutely worth it just
specifically for black tiger alone is
such a fantastic game subsequent packs
will be coming in at 800 Microsoft
Points and they kind of bringing you in
there they're tempting you they're
teasing you in with the early price to
try and get you to buy subsequent
versions of the game but when you've got
a slice of retro goodness like this you
know what the hell was a few quid
basically on the in the game sections
they began they're going to be bringing
out some games that didn't actually make
it to packs such as the Capcom Classics
Collection or anything like that so
there will be some games on there that
are doubled up but then there are also
be some games that aren't as well and
one other one one the very first one is
a reason why I wanted to buy this pack
of this pack initially was black tiger
it's a fantastic game as you can see
here if you take one part magic sword
and one part ghouls and ghosts ghosts
and goblins then you've pretty much got
an idea of what this game is it's a
platforming game it's got the kind of
more adult feel that magic sword as has
it's is it's not as tongue-in-cheek and
as humorous as ghosts and goblins ghouls
and ghosts but it plays the same kind of
way even down to the way when you take a
hit and the guide that you play will
lose his suit of armor and run around
well not necessarily butt-naked but run
around in his underwear slight bit of
modesty there so black tiger is an
absolutely fantastic game the second
game on the pack is 1943 the Battle of
Midway as far as I'm concerned if you're
into retro or vintage games whatever you
want to call them and you haven't played
1943 you're missing out it's it's one of
the bonafide of classic shoot-'em-up
games I think every single chip shop
here in England had a copy of it it had
a machine in there at one point that was
playing 1943 it's as basic as it comes
you've got a button for firing and
you've got a button for your smart bomb
mega crash type of effect that will
essentially wipe out anything that's on
the screen it's a typical shoot or for
fear the first few levels are pretty
easy
it likes to tempt you in I don't
remember the actual soundtrack in the
sound effects being as loud and
in-your-face as they are it was it was
it was almost offensive when I was when
I was playing through it first time but
again it's a part of the pack it is a
classic game and it's it's a welcome
addition as always with these packs as
they did with the sake of vintage
collection and everything there was a
shit ton of artwork to unlock there's
original soundtracks to unlock the games
should they call for it have online
co-op mode as well which is brilliant
it's a fantastic addition there's also
for each game because these games are
stupidly hard
well stupidly hard by today's standards
but because these games are stupidly
hard there's also a casual mode in as
well which tones down the difficulty
someone but if you play on the casual
mode you're a complete and utter pussy
as you can see here this is the third
game in the pack this is Avengers it's a
game that I haven't come across I think
I vaguely remember it from being a kid
but I haven't played it in a while
it's
it's okay I mean you've got a simple
punch and a kick attack it's really hard
to connect with the bad guys you just
end up just running into everybody and
hitting the button as quickly as you can
to try and take them out it's okay it's
distracting but I wouldn't say it's a
pack seller in the way that black tiger
or 1943 is so there are going to be
subsequent packs coming out I believe
the next one is scheduled for a release
in about two weeks time March the fifth
it comes out and that pack is going to
be epic it's got ghosts and goblins
Gunsmoke and sections ed in it which is
a fantastic shooter model so the only
other thing I could say about this what
what was it going to say it's completely
mine oh yes if you buy it on the Xbox
system you have the ability to take
screenshots of the games that you're
playing and share those screenshots on
Facebook if you're into that kind of
thing I would argue that the ps3 has got
the more useful version of the add-ons
because the ps3 allows you to record a
video game play footage and upload that
directly to YouTube which is a great
addition I bought it on the Xbox just
simply because you know I've got a PVR I
can upload stuff to YouTube anyway but
should you not have any capture devices
or whatever I would probably recommend
the ps3 version over the Xbox 360
version if uploading to YouTube is the
kind of thing that you want to do so
guys it's just a nice quick video just
telling guys that this is out there at
the moment I'm going to be pretty much
getting all of the packs it looks like
it's going to be a fantastic series I
will upload each new pack as I get it so
thank you for tuning in and watching
this video if you've got the pack let me
know what you think this is Tony from
game free blog signing out for another
video take care guys bye bye